# Prediction-of-Rain-in-Australia-Using-Classification-Algorithms-Exploratory-Data-Analysis-and-Data-

- Rainfall prediction being the most important concern has grabbed the world's attention. It is a factor which affects activities like agricultural production, construction, power generation, forestry and tourism, etc. Accurate prediction will help us to provide early predictions of severe weather to prevent casualties and damages caused by natural disaster. To this degree, precipitation forecast is fundamental since this variable is the one with the most noteworthy relationship with unfriendly regular occasions, for example, avalanches, flooding, mass developments and torrential slides. These occurrences have influenced society for quite a long time. To develop a prescient framework for exact precipitation, estimating is one of the best difficulties to specialists from different fields, for example, To build a prescient framework for precise precipitation, gauging is one of the best difficulties to analysts from assorted fields, for example, climate information mining , ecological AI , operational hydrology , and factual determining . A typical inquiry in these issues is how one can investigate the past and utilize future expectations. The parameters that are required to foresee precipitation are massively perplexing and unobtrusive in any event, for a present moment that is all.
- In this paper, for achieving these predictions I have used different models like Naive Bayes, SVM, Logistic Regression and Random Forest Classifier. To study these methods, I used data from Kaggle. The data comprises different features which will help us to predict rainfall. The structure of paper is as follows: Related Work, Methodology with details, Experimental results with explanation of all the ROC curves. Finally, the conclusion with future work.

